#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
argon2-cffi==20.1.0
    # via notebook
async-generator==1.10
    # via nbclient
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   eli5
    #   jsonschema
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.9.3
    # via bs4
bleach==3.3.0
    # via nbconvert
bs4==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via requests
cffi==1.14.5
    # via argon2-cffi
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
click==7.1.2
    # via nltk
cloudpickle==1.6.0
    # via shap
cycler==0.10.0
    # via matplotlib
cython==0.29.22
    # via -r requirements.in
dask==2021.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
decorator==4.4.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   networkx
defusedxml==0.6.0
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   multiprocess
ds-lime==0.1.1.27
    # via -r requirements.in
eli5==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
entrypoints==0.3
    # via nbconvert
graphviz==0.16
    # via eli5
httplib2==0.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.10
    # via requests
imageio==2.9.0
    # via scikit-image
imbalanced-learn==0.8.0
    # via imblearn
imblearn==0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ipykernel==5.5.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
    #   traitlets
ipython==7.20.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==7.6.3
    # via jupyter
jedi==0.18.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   eli5
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
joblib==1.0.1
    # via
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   nltk
    #   pdpbox
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via nbformat
jupyter-client==6.1.11
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.2.0
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==4.7.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.0
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
lime==0.2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
llvmlite==0.35.0
    # via numba
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lime
    #   pdpbox
    #   scikit-image
    #   wordcloud
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
multipledispatch==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
multiprocess==0.70.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
nbclient==0.5.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.0.7
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.1.2
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.1
    # via nbclient
networkx==2.5
    # via scikit-image
nltk==3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook==6.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   widgetsnbextension
numba==0.52.0
    # via shap
numpy==1.20.1
    # via
    #   ds-lime
    #   eli5
    #   imageio
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   lime
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   pdpbox
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   shap
    #   statsmodels
    #   tifffile
    #   wordcloud
    #   xgboost
packaging==20.9
    # via bleach
pandas==1.2.2
    # via
    #   pdpbox
    #   shap
    #   statsmodels
pandoc==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.4.3
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.1
    # via jedi
patsy==0.5.1
    # via statsmodels
pdpbox==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.1.0
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   wordcloud
ply==3.11
    # via pandoc
prometheus-client==0.9.0
    # via notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.16
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.8.0
    # via pdpbox
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pydotplus==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.8.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
    #   pydotplus
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2021.1
    # via pandas
pywavelets==1.1.1
    # via scikit-image
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via dask
pyzmq==22.0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.0.2
    # via jupyter
qtpy==1.9.0
    # via qtconsole
regex==2020.11.13
    # via nltk
requests==2.25.1
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-image==0.18.1
    # via lime
scikit-learn==0.24.1
    # via
    #   ds-lime
    #   eli5
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   lime
    #   pdpbox
    #   shap
scipy==1.6.1
    # via
    #   ds-lime
    #   eli5
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   lime
    #   pdpbox
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   shap
    #   statsmodels
    #   xgboost
send2trash==1.5.0
    # via notebook
shap==0.38.1
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   bleach
    #   cycler
    #   eli5
    #   jsonschema
    #   multipledispatch
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
slicer==0.0.7
    # via shap
soupsieve==2.2
    # via beautifulsoup4
statsmodels==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tabulate==0.8.8
    # via eli5
terminado==0.9.2
    # via notebook
testpath==0.4.4
    # via nbconvert
threadpoolctl==2.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2021.2.1
    # via scikit-image
toolz==0.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.57.0
    # via
    #   lime
    #   nltk
    #   shap
traitlets==5.0.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
urllib3==1.26.3
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
wheel==0.36.2
    # via -r requirements.in
widgetsnbextension==3.5.1
    # via ipywidgets
wordcloud==1.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
xgboost==1.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
